Hasan Y Ahmed
Lab 6 : LCD
Partner : 
10/8/17


- Discuss the advantages and disadvantages of printf debugging? Note: 
    there is no right answer to this, we are just looking for your thoughts on the issue.

    The advantages of printf debugging is its very quick, and helps you get to the root of simple issues very quickly. 
    The disadvantage of printf debugging over using another debugger lets say GDB for example, is that at any point of 
    your stepping through gdb, you can print any of the variables that you like at any moment. Using printf you have to 
    know specifically which vairables you would like to see before hand, and put the statements in the as you see fit.


- Explain why the spiReadWrite function is called inside a higher level peripheral function (the lcdWrite function).
   The spiReadWrite function is called inside the LcdWrite function because the lcd screen is an SPI device, and it needs
   to be written to to configure it to its proper settings.


- Why does LCD_CS_DEASSERT() do? Why is it important?
   LCD_CS_DEASSERT() unintializes the pin that the LCD screen is attatched to, and its important because using that functionality
   is how we would have mulitple devices using the same GPIO pin.


- Explain how the character data from the ASCII array in glcdfont.c gets converted to pixels.
    The data from ASCII is used to check weather or not a specific pixel should be drawn or not. It does this by looking at the
    binary representation of the character information that is stored in the ASCII array. Its basically if its a 1, then draw
    a pixel, if its not then don't.


- Give the exact timing difference between the two versions of f3d_lcd_fillScreen, from the Salae analyzer, and explain why the new function is faster.
   **I haven't seen anyone able to get the Salea analyzer to work. I asked 3 different UIs for help, and none of them were able
   get it to work. So I don't know.


- Difficulties
    Couldn't get the Salea Analyzer to work. Other than that, the lab was pretty straight forward. It was a bit difficult to
    decipher exactly what was going on with the drawing of character data to the screen, but not too hard. Overall, it was good.
    
